[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: All right,
so before we move on,
I'm just going to make a small
optimization to show you guys.
Now that we have these mini routers, and
we could have done this on the app but
I think it makes more
sense to do this here,
is in places where we have
the same URL like, /:id', /:id,
/:id, we have that /:id three times and
then we have root root twice.
I can clean this up a little
bit by using the .route method.
And that exists on an application
instance and a router instance.
So I can say tiger.
Oops, sorry.
Tigerrouter.route.
That's a function that it takes in a path.
So in this case, the route and
then like I say, on dot get just do this.
>> Speaker 1: Do that on dot get.
And now I can just get rid of that.
And then on post, do this.
>> Speaker 1: And
I can get rid of the post.
So I'll come back and
say .post and put that in there.
>> Speaker 1: I can do the same thing for
the other route which is ID.
So tigerrouter.route/id which
has got like three of them on it right?
And that's got a get which is this one.
>> Speaker 1: Get rid of that.
>> Speaker 1: And it's got a delete,
which is this one.
Get rid of that.
>> Speaker 1: And
then one more which is the put.
We can get rid of that.
So just cleaning up some
code same functionality
because they share the same route path.
So I can just use the dot route method,
so it's only route the route wants.
A little bit cleaner, so
you can also do this on app.
So if I went to app,
I can also say app.route.
It's the same thing,
they work the same way on routers.
So again, I'm saying, so
if any request comes in for route, and
it's get, run this.
And if it's post, do this.
If any request comes in for
route/id, and it's a get, do this.
If it's a delete do this.
If it's a put, do this.
It's just a shortcut.
So we saved a little bit
of keystrokes there.
Any questions on that?
I'll go ahead and
push this up to [INAUDIBLE] solutions.
So if you want to pull it down.
>> Speaker 2: There's a question I'm kind
of finding tracking down some errors.
>> Speaker 1: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: They're asking how do
you track down and report an error on
an undefined method, for example if you
didn't require lodash in the lionRouter,
you used get request lion will fail but
the console just indicates a 500 error?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, so to fix that you
have to come down, so I said in server.js.
You need to make sure you
log your errors here.
That's why that wasn't working.
It would show the error like couldn't
find module load [INAUDIBLE] or
something like that.
So if you were to just log this
error.message that's gotta fix that.
So by default, it will show that.
That's Express taking those
synchronous errors and
it's just not doing anything with it,
so yeah.
Just log your message here.
But if I had to find,
like track an error down,
this is a good entry into like
debugging in general with node.
So let's just talk about that for
a second, it's worth mentioning.
There is a node debugger.
>> Speaker 1: What?
What?
Is it node?
Debugger.
I forgot, I
haven't used this this a while and
don't know what, I this is node, debugger.
No, wait.
No debug, debug.
There it is.
Yes node, debug, server server.
That's just going to run
your code in debug mode.
It'll immediately stop at the first line.
And this is kind of hard to use,
like you can step, and
go to the next line, and stuff like that.
And it's all through
this terminal interface.
This is okay.
I don't know anybody
professionally that uses this.
I cannot recommend it but if you
wanted to, you can get busy with it.
What most people use, if they use a
debugger at all, would be node-inspector.
If you want to use this,
then you need to npm install globally
node-inspector, it's a global thing.
And a note inspector will
take the path to the file.
And what happens is,
if you run that command it'll give
you this URL to hit in your browser.
So grab this.
Go to Chrome.
Paste that in.
And what happens is it will load up.
Or it's supposed to.
It looks like it didn't really load it up.
It's supposed to load up, so if you see it
looks like Chrome developments was here
that will run your node GS through Chrome
development and have the same stuff.
Not sure why it's not loading,
it loaded up the GUI but
it's not actually loading up my files and
stuff.
Let's see,
no this isn't loading up either.
So yeah, if you do choose to use it,
then you would need to use Node Debugger.
Me, personally, I'd just cancel out
everything, and I've been doing that for
like two years node, and
I haven't had a problem with it.
So, it's a smart thing.
To me, it's just faster.
But yeah, there do exist
Node Inspector that will do this.
This is not part of node, it's a third
party module that's supported, so yeah.
It's using web sockets to do debugging for
you, not sure why it's not working.
I think it has something to do with the
fact that we're trying to debug an express
server, not a static file.
I'm sure there's a different
flag I need to pass in for that.
But like I said, I don't use debugging.
I just console.log everything.